Hello and welcome to the final Tauriel of our regression challenge.
So this is the final editorial because basically we have our model ready and trained were trained on
a train set in the previous toil and now in is new to toil we are going to test it on the test set to
see how it reacts to new observations that weren't used for the training that will be very interesting
to see.
And you're going to see how it is so easy to apply a model to predict some new observations because
basically again our model is an object of a class.
The class has several tools remember which are several functions or several methods.
And I told you about the fit method that we saw in the previous Statoil but there is another method
that is used all the time and that is called of course the Predict method.
And as you might guess this is the method we use to predict the outcome of an input so the input doesn't
have to be to test that observations it can be any observation even a new observation which you would
like to know the outcome.
But in our case here in the Statoil the input will be of course the test set observations.
And so what we have to do the only thing that we have to do is basically take our regressors and then
remember to use a method and it adhered to that and then we add the method.
And as we said the method is to predict method.
Then we add some parenthesis.
And here it's important to understand what we have to input.
So for the fit method which was used to train our aggressive to the training set of course we had to
put extra in NY train because they compose the train set and without which when we couldn't figure out
the correlations between the independent variables and the dependent variable.
But here we want to predict the outcome of the test that observations and therefore the only argument
we need to input here is X test because basically the machinery model only needs the independent variables
to predict something.
But then why test will be useful because we will of course compare the predictions to the real results.
That is what we call the ground truth that are contained in Y test.
So here in the method we just need to put our independent variables of the test set which are all included
in X test and since the Predict method applied to X test returns something which you might guess are
the predictions.
Well we are going to introduce here a new variable which we're going to call y pred and that will be
equal to this result returned by the Predict method.
And there we go.
We're already ready to get our predictions.
Again that's the beauty of sikat learn.
We can totally build a model and get some predictions in just a few lines of code.
Can you see only 21 lines of code.
That's amazing.
So let's do this let's get our predictions.
I'm selecting this line of code and here we go.
Let's press command control plus enter to execute and we now have our predictions in white pride.
Perfect.
So congratulations for reaching this we can already see here.
As you can see that our predictions are close to the real results but we're going to see that closer
and to do this I'm first going to open wide test.
I'm going to put that here and then why Pret here is why produce so let's compare them.
I'm just going to put that right here.
There we go.
So this is why test and this is why Pritt So let's see.
First of all of course each line corresponds to the same observation.
So this is a real result and this is the prediction predicted by our model.
And so for the first observation which corresponds to a certain combination of you know temperature
and pressure exerts vacuum and humidity.
Well when we are in the situation with these specific temperature pressure vacuum and humidity we have
the real value of the output energy and the predicted value of the same output energy.
And so for this observation we can see that our prediction is very close to the real value.
And that's amazing because now we are having three figures so just a difference of three here is amazing.
That's a very close prediction compared to the real result.
And then same for the second observation 460 for the real result and 457 for the prediction.
Then again for 161 for the real result and 463 for the prediction.
Then again here that's even better.
Four hundred forty six point nine and 447.
So the predictions are really amazing here that's a little less good but still very good you know if
you compute the difference between the prediction and the real result and divided by the real result
you will see that the error percentage because that's what you'll get is very small.
All right.
And then I don't know we can check some other observations.
Let's take for example the one hundredth one.
So the real result for the one hundred one is 400 and 70 and then check out the prediction
471.
Wow that's really amazing.
So that's what I told you the gradient boosting the aggressor or grading boosting in general and even
the extra boost are one of the best options in machine learning.
If you don't know which machine or any model to choose.
Definitely go for grain boosting or actually boost because they have an amazing predictive power.
So there we go.
Empirically we can see that we have amazing results.
We could check that.
Even better things to some metrics.
But this is quite obvious here.
The predictions are amazing we will need this.
This was just an introduction to bison which at the same time gave you the know how on how to implement
a powerful machinery.
And now we're going to jump to the other challenge which is about classification and therefore we're
going to jump into another industry.
The health industry.
I will not say now what the challenge is about but I can already tell you that this is something you
will be very happy to solve or you will find it meaningful to solve.
So congratulations again for taking the first regression challenge.
And now let's move on to classification.
Until then enjoy the science.